Handle variable name conflicts between packages (#386)
parthenon-hpc-lab/parthenon: CMakeLists.txt

project(parthenon VERSION 0.3.0 LANGUAGES C CXX)

> if (${CMAKE_VERSION} VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL 3.19.0)
>   cmake_policy(SET CMP0110 NEW)
> endif()

Reviewer: Setting policies is a no-op on CMake versions prior to the policy introduction.

```suggestion
# Explicitly enable support for test names with whitespace and special characters
cmake_policy(SET CMP0110 NEW)
```

Author: I attempted this and got cmake errors. It was not a no-op.

Reviewer: hm... I did this as well, but with cmake 3.18 and didn't get an error. Maybe it wasn't a no-op on previous versions of cmake? I'll take your word for it.

Author: yeah the version I tried it on was older... whatever version the CI is using is what gave me problems. That might be 3.12.0 or something.
